1 Introduction
This test plan is to communicate the test strategies to the team. It includes the objectives, scope, schedule, risks, and approach. It will identify any test deliverables and what’s in and out of scope.

1.1 Scope
All testers will need to be able to create manual tests and automate those tests as well as run those tests. They will also need to be able to report failures
		1.1.1 In scope
		User registration and login
		Searching and search results
		Cart and wishlist
		Checkout and payment
		Sharing functionality
		Account page
		Order history and tracking
		Create/edit/delete products
		Admin’s ability to manage products/orders/users/shipping/payments/roles and permissions
		Accurate statistics and reports

		1.1.2 Out of scope
		Product details/variations/listings, these are already known

	1.2 Quality objective
	All bugs are  identified and fixed before going live.

	1.3 Roles and Responsibilities
	To be discussed

2 Test Methodology

2.1 Overview
This project is using the agile approach as it is flexible and can change as issues appear. There will be weekly requirements delivered at the end of each week.

2.2 Test levels
	This project will make use of manual tests as well as automated tests.

	2.3 Bug triage
	Testers will track all defects and ensure correct resolution is implemented.

	2.4 Suspension criteria and resumption requirements
	If the website doesn’t display, products aren’t able to be received from the database, or registration and/or login don’t do anything testing will be suspended. Testing will resume only after these functionalities are added or fixed

	2.5 Test completeness
	A test is complete when all automated tests are implemented, all manual and automated tests execute and pass, and all bugs are fixed.

3 Test deliverables
All of these tests and documents will be delivered
	Test plan - this document
	Test cases
	Bug reports
	Weekly Agile reports
	Customer sign off

4 Resource and environment needs
	4.1 Testing tools
		Modern Requirements - requirement management tool
		BugHerd - bug tracking tool
		Selenium - automation testing tool

	4.2  Test environment
		Windows 10 and above
		Office 2019 and above

5 Terms/acronyms
Not applicable
